README.md, before:

# ProNextJs.dev Course Review

- New course from Jack Herrington, partnership with Badass Courses
- I was given complimentary access for providing feedback and a full review
- Requirement: Submit full review by 2024/08/30

Initial Access:

- Access is provided through a magic link, and your account is tied to your email
- Email can be transferred if you need to in the future 👍🏻
- Upon logging in there is a link to the learning Discord and course materials 👍🏻

## General Notes

- If you click away from the workshops ~~it's not obvious how to get back to them~~ (no global nav?) --
	- I found the url `/workshops` based on pages open in other tabs
	- **sometime mid week the "Pro Workshops" menu item started to show up ☺️**
- Clicking around at the general structure of the site
	- I really like the feedback widget for sending quick feedback on stuff 👍🏻
	- Really like the widescreen layout, and the full written vs transcript being included 👍🏻
- ~~lots of spinners on the player, couldn't always get consistent playback~~
	- no, this is a me browser issue, something is up with arc vid playback across all pages rn
	- safari is smooth tho
- nit: Theme defaults to light: might be cool to default to system instead (punch in the face for us dark users)
- There are a bunch of subtle mistranslations in the transcripts that could be fixed up
	- do a codebase wide search and replace for "App Writer" (app router)
	- I call it out in individual lessons where I noticed issues (look for "💬 ⁉️")
- Section three and four get into some very specific examples
	- It's good to have examples showing different architectural use cases
	- Definitely beefs out the "professional next.js" title

## Modules

I did the work on these in a couple sub files linked here

- [Next.js Foundations for Professional Web Development](nextjs-foundations.md)
- [Styling Next.js Applications with CSS](./styling-module.md)
- [Next.js Production Project Setup and Infrastructure](setup-and-infra.md)
- [Next.js React Server Component (RSC) Architecture](rsc-architecture.md)

Commit message:

Format final files (remove extra bullets)

README.md, after:

# ProNextJs.dev Course Review

This repo contains my notes while going through the [pronextjs.dev](pronextjs.dev) course. Note that these were exported from LogSeq so may include extra formatting.

- New course from Jack Herrington, partnership with Badass Courses
- I was given complimentary access for providing feedback and a full review
- Requirement: Submit full review by 2024/08/30

Initial Access:

- Access is provided through a magic link, and your account is tied to your email
- Email can be transferred if you need to in the future 👍🏻
- Upon logging in there is a link to the learning Discord and course materials 👍🏻

## General Notes

- If you click away from the workshops ~~it's not obvious how to get back to them~~ (no global nav?) --
	- I found the url `/workshops` based on pages open in other tabs
	- **sometime mid week the "Pro Workshops" menu item started to show up ☺️**
- Clicking around at the general structure of the site
	- I really like the feedback widget for sending quick feedback on stuff 👍🏻
	- Really like the widescreen layout, and the full written vs transcript being included 👍🏻
- ~~lots of spinners on the player, couldn't always get consistent playback~~
	- no, this is a me browser issue, something is up with arc vid playback across all pages rn
	- safari is smooth tho
- nit: Theme defaults to light: might be cool to default to system instead (punch in the face for us dark users)
- There are a bunch of subtle mistranslations in the transcripts that could be fixed up
	- do a codebase wide search and replace for "App Writer" (app router)
	- I call it out in individual lessons where I noticed issues (look for "💬 ⁉️")
- Section three and four get into some very specific examples
	- It's good to have examples showing different architectural use cases
	- Definitely beefs out the "professional next.js" title

## Modules

I did the work on these in a couple sub files linked here

- [Next.js Foundations for Professional Web Development](nextjs-foundations.md)
- [Styling Next.js Applications with CSS](./styling-module.md)
- [Next.js Production Project Setup and Infrastructure](setup-and-infra.md)
- [Next.js React Server Component (RSC) Architecture](rsc-architecture.md)
